hello there human, how can I help you today ?
sure. Tell me what happened 
sounds tough, whats bothering you the most of it? ☹
I see. Tell me what makes you feel overthink that much
I got you! Tell me more about it
I see. Seems like lotof things going on with you lately. Do you want to talk about it more?
go ahead, im listening  
its normal to feel sad and stressed when things are hard, what matters the most is how you think about the situation 
 its okay to feel sad, but its really important to identify your emotions to accept the situation as well and to think positive always 
its okay not to be okay sometimes, take your time to do better
step by step you can get better 
anytime how are you feeling now?
glad to hear that 
bye! Have a nice day. 
Hi there human, what brings you here today ?
Oh, anything happened to make you feel that way?
do you want to talk about it?
go ahead
I’m listening, go ahead
 lets talk about it. You can also talk trough what you are worried about
we will also practice self compassion and try to free you from negative self talk
you talked about wanting more confidence and self esteem, what area of your life do u feel least secure of ?
 I see, sounds tough, do you want to talk about it more?
go ahead
 seems like lotof things been happening lately
 don’t worry, lets try to calm you down first 
now close your eyes and breathe slowly 
keep going
yay!
bye!
how are you?
whats wrong?
talk to me!
do  you want to talk about it?
im listening 
I see. What was bothering you most lately ?
Hey, how are you doing?
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!
I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?
nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly
Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
yes. 
How's your day going?
Likewise. What have you been up to that gives you so much work?
haha no
 being empathic 
A couple of miles is very impressive. When I started, I couldn't even last 1 mile.
Do you like to run long distances or mostly sprints?
wow! that's amazing did you do any marathons this year?
oh wow, what was the last half marathon you did?
Cool!
Hi!
How is your day going?
How is your day?
nice to hear, what did you do today?
Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?
Do you go to the gym often?
Wow
You can get a coach to start it!

hey there nice to meet you again. What are you up to?
Bot -how are you feeling ?
im glad to hear that 
see you again! 
hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you
 What are you up to today?
Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?

hello what u up to?
haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with? 
haha no one will interrupt you!
haha, popcorn for yourself. 

sure thing! enjoy
hi, what are you doing?
Bot -  that’s totally understandable, its shows how committed you are to the exam
I could dial it down a little, would that be interest 
okay what are negative thoughts you are having?
I see, but its just thoughts you are having and its important to identify that your mind trick you with anxiety
yeah, just stay relaxed and consistent 
you are most welcome 
Hey, what's up?
I'm pretty good, thanks.
Do anything interesting today?
Oh that's cool! 
yes, how was roller coaster ride?
No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.
u must be like heights 
Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?
I think I sort of understand :)
hello there how can I help you?
iam always here 
so whats wrong?
you are not a failure at all. Lets practice some self kindness
first imagine 3 things you are proud of your self
and think about what are you grateful of today
exactly, what else?
yes. One more 
Bot -  yes, think why u aint a failure now
exactly,
anytime
bye
Hi! How's your day going?
Haha, nice
talking to you Do you have any fun plans for Thanksgiving?
Cool! What kind of board games do you like?
Cool! Do you watch Game of Thrones?
shows do you like?
nice 
cool, glad to hear that you are doing good
glad to hear, also keep practicing, never give up
see you again.
Chathello there
Chatyeah sure, we can talk about anything
Chatwhy do you think you are stressed ?
Chatlets try a simple exercise it might help right?
Chatbot - lets do some guided meditations
Chatclose you eyes and breathe in and out for 2 mins then open eyes
Chathow are you now?
Chattold you
Chatglad to help you out 
Chatsee you soon
Chathello, how can I help you?
Chatwhats bothering you lately?
Chatouch! I know how you feel. Want to try out an exercise 
Chatbot -okay so this seems little silly but I want you to try it
ChatI want you to write everything is going to be okay
Chatperfect! Now type again
Chatone more time and you are almost there
Chatgoodjob. Now say this to yourself until you believing it
Hey! How’s your day going?
What??
Oh no! What’s happened?
Ah that sucks. At least it’s not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time
Well, no, of course not! Don’t stress yourself
here if u need to talk!
np problem.
Chathello 
Chatbot. Always good. What about you?
Chatouch! Why is that?
ChatI want you to calm down and relax first
Chatthen drin some water and sit with discomfort. Its going to pass
Chattake deep breaths with me
Chatyay. You are strong
Chamy pleasure 
Chathow are you?
Chatnot so good?
Chatwhy? Whats wrong?
Chatdon’t be stressed over that. Things happnes 
Chatfailing is an opportunity to make our self improve take this as a chance to take good grades in next exam
heya, nice to meet you, 
how are you doing today?
nice, how you’ve been?
oh no, why?
uh oh,
yea, you'd better check. where do you live?
gotcha. anything you love about where you live?
nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times
Hey! How have you been
How was it? What trails did you ski on?
bot:a resort in Montreal
 no im a bot
haha.Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
Oh cool! 
yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?
haha 
Are you good at  skating?
Okay! It was nice talking to you

Any plans for the weekend?
That's great! How's the weather over the weekend? I hope its warm.
hope you get your work done very soon! a bug free weekend!
 don’t be. You got this
believe in yourself and you will do great
 most welcome 

Helloooooo!
Good. Im good. How are you?
So what's your outlook? Something blue?
You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early
talk to me whenever u need advices
Hey, how are you?
Oh no… Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!
Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?

I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia.
haha 
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
that’s good. Alcohol is not good for your anxiety 

hello, how can I help you?
do want to talk about it?
I’m listening, go ahead
I see,  breakups are hard I know, have u already started your healing journey?
okay first step is you should accept the situation and practicing letting go
you have to accept the fact that people leave, things end, situations change but you should not put yourself down over that
nothing is easy, its just you have to trained your mind to accept every situations
believing yourself is the key
everything is going to be okay, u have to practice self care
well spend time with your family, friends, do things you love spend time with your self also important
then with time you will feel better
does talking to me help a bit?
glad to hear
see you again!
How's your day going?
What have you been up to that gives you so much work?
Probably just going to work through the break.
Haha so what do you like to do for fun?
cool! Books are food to the brain
whats your favorite book?
 great. 
so how you feeling? 
 nice to hear that
perfect step for your healing journey. You will be recover soon!
most welcome 
how are you?
why?
well, lets do an exercise 
lets think about 3 things which you are grateful for?
c’mon, you can do this
okay lets start then
yep
exactly, one more
here we go! You did great
wow so soon, anyways glad that u feel better now
Hi! nice meeting you. what are you up to?
any food you're craving for?
nice how are you today?
nice to hear
my pleasure
are you ready?
 don’t be scard you will do great I know
its completely normal. You know anxiety making you more committed to the exam
yes. It will help you to more focus on the exam and it will go away once you start it
yes. S goodluck with exams
bye
Hey, how's your day going?
haha yes  what have you been up to?
That's a lot! Are you good?
donnt stress yourself
What kind of work do you do?
I see. Nice 
Nice, what all places would you be going to?

Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much  when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!
That's equally amazing! 
 don’t be. This is something you always wanted to do so take risks 
you can do it!
hi 
It's good! How is your day?
Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. What did u do in weekend?
Oh nice! What movie?
glad you enjoying life without the outcomes 
amazing. Overthink kills happiness 
its okay. What matters the most is how you are handling the situation
u need to calm down and  do breathing methods also helps
basically what u have to do is breathe in and out few times til u cam down it’s a great relaxing method
great. Update me so we can track your progress
see  you again